chunni chumi cho
chumna chum chum chum
chumna chum chum
(***)
Kela kela kela
shu shumto
I'd say Osaka.
Yeah
Yeah,Because we,we hit all the other ones.Um...
Um, we could do that too. I feel like we'll have time.
Right.
well it's it's just a pillow
night yeah
I(***)
I think they're gonna want to study together.
yeah, and then we we sight see once we
get it all and done you know.
Mmm..
Yeah
Um....I think yeah morning, but then early afternoons
(***)Yeah.
I would like that.
Yeah.
(***)
Yeah
Um...
How early would we need to wake up?Ithink,i think 8
Oh...9 would be
If Its said,I don't think people would want to wake up at 6.
so self
Love it.Yeah
Yeah,(***)place
The White House is crowded last time I went.
As long as it's not hot
Uh, summer. Last summer.
I,I think,i(***)
So then Washington memorial
Yeah,it was nice
Yeah
Okay, that's good.
took up
Um...
I feel like
Airport doesn't matter because...
i mean like the chances of like something happening is like the same pretty much
(***)
I'm just thinking.... for the trip
Making sure
I don't know, just that Brian doesn't get lost.(***)
(***)
Yeah